July 19th, 2021, Monday
This is a very hard day for me because I just knew that my SSN application has been pending. Maybe it will be one month or even later. So in this case, Yiqing and me both need to be careful about our tax. In the building and working period in Rodent Tech LLC, we want to make sure that everything can follow the legal procedures and we can pay our taxes in time. 
The current job is to choose a plan to fulfill our website and start creating our working formula, such as knowledge, customer range and expected investment from external source(if we can really make it strong and large enough).

July 20th, 2021, Tuesday
I have been checking and searching for resources of website templates. The Wix seems just fine, and its price seems acceptable. However, it seems there still exists some issues for me to access the website from Zenbusiness, maybe because of the authority issues. So what I am going to do now is to contact Zenbusiness's server and try to solve this problem and then build this website by myself or using a template, which depends on the team. 
And also we just formally enabled our business bank account and there is 900$ inside. We do not want to pay for the execution fee but the lowest amount of deposit to absolve is quite large, so the final amount is just 900$.

July 21th, 2021, Wednesday
Everything is in place now. After discussion with teammates and other coworkers, I have decided to postpone the process of building the website but to prepare for the mechanical consultation for several days. However, it is still necessary and essential to design and build our databases right now because we need to record everything and all the information accordingly and safely. Under our circumstances, I believe MySQL would be the best choice. But whether to use NoSQL or SQL still remains to be discussed and we need to collect more information for that. 

July 22th, 2021, Thursday
I have been thinking through it and I believe for our website it is not very hard to transfer the persistance level from MySQL to MongoDB if necessary, because our data size is limited and we probably do not need to figure out multiple rules to keep them. And MySQL is much eaiser to maintain. So today I learned and wrote some basic JDBC(Java DataBase Connectivity) codes and uploaded them. For tomorrow and next week, probably I need to keep writing backend codes until they started their OPT so we can discuss about how to build our front pages.

July 23th, 2021, Friday
Today I have made a decision that I should probably write the sorting algorithm of the database by myself because the internal algorithms cannot fit our requirements. So I have written the code of quick sort, which is one of the most common sort algorithms in the market.