July 26th, Monday
Today I have started to build the cache part for the database. The initial algorithm I plan to use is LFU(Least Recently Used), which means whenever I need to extract a random element from the database, or push an element into the reading queue, I would choose by LFU. However, this LFU still has some problems and there still exists some better solutions. I will continue studying and working on it tomorrow.

July 27th, Tuesday
Today I implemented another idea of database cache, which is LRU(Least Recently Uses). Using LRU, this is to extract the random element when there the data there is too large and we cannot get the data fast enough within O(n) time. Because for a predictable future, we might need to be ready for it.

July 28th, Wednesday
Today I uploaded some simple change to the LRU, including some comments and some codestyle. For the rest days of this week, I will try to make this version better and more stable under high request per second.

July 29th, Thursday
This morning I have received a call from Virginia, which can be seemed as our first customer, even though it was not for mechanical consulting services. He asked whether we are doing pest control field of work and he told me he saw the contacts of mine from a Virginia community website which I am not sure about that. I did not ask him much about this. What I know now is that our company has already had its first call and it is very inspiring.

July 31th, Saturday
It is another hot day in California. Today I bought new monitors and laptops for Rodent Tech LLC. Also I have made a little study about Python Flask and Django. As I plan to build the website and before that I will finish the structure of our database, I still have time and wait for their OPT to start and we can discuss and build this website together. For now, I still think Spring Boot and Spring Cloud are the most convenient framework for out website in the future. But Python can be fast and easy to implement within a short time.

August 2th, Monday
I have been learning knowledge about HTML, CSS and JavaScript. My plan is to construct a full stack website by our team in the future. And what I did today is I built an algorithm for potential business resource distribution under mass need of requirements.
